docs: DOC-2060: Cluster Templates (#8323)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/cluster-templates/create-cluster-template-policies/create-cluster-template-policies.md

| **Scope**            | Specifies if the policy is part of the tenant or project scope.                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| **Tags**             | Tags assigned to the policy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

### In Use Templates

If a policy is linked to a cluster template, select the drawer trigger beside the policy to view which templates the
policy is linked to. A drawer similar to the **Policies** tab is displayed, listing all cluster templates linked to the
selected policy.

Use the menu bar to locate your template by name, infrastructure **Environment**, types of **Policies**, or **Tags**.
Select the column headers to sort in ascending or descending order. Use the arrow beside **Tags** to view the

> **Policies** selected and **Clear All** or individual policies from the filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the column headers to sort in ascending or descending order. Use the arrow beside **Tags** to view the
**Policies** selected. To remove policies from the filter, click **Clear All** or click **x** next to individual policies to remove them.
```

| **Scope**           | Specifies if the template is part of the tenant or project scope.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| **Tags**            | Tags assigned to the template.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

## Create and Edit Cluster Template Policies

To create a policy, make a selection from the **Create Policy** drop-down menu in the top-right of the **Policies** tab.

![Creating a new cluster template policy](/cluster-templates_create-cluster-template-policies_policies-tab.webp)

> To edit an existing policy, select the three-dot menu beside the policy, and choose **Edit**. Policies can be edited at

Author: Can't believe I didn't try that. Thanks, will get that added!

| **Last Modified**   | Date the template was last modified.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| **In use clusters** | Specifies if the template is linked to an active cluster. If a template is linked, select the drawer icon beside it to view details about the template. For more information, refer to our [Modify Cluster Templates](../modify-cluster-templates.md) guide.                                                                                                                   |
| **Scope**           | Specifies if the template is part of the tenant or project scope.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | **Tags**            | Tags assigned to the template.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer 2: Can we simply say that the same columns are available?

Reviewer: Sorry @cloudmaniac, not sure I understand this comment. The table columns are different to the Policies Tab ones.
